NA: NA: NA

Occupational Employment and Wage Statistics (OEWS) Survey: NA: NA

Bureau of Labor Statistics, Department of Labor: NA: NA

website: www.bls.gov/oes: NA: NA

email: oewsinfo@bls.gov: NA: NA

NA: NA: NA

Not all fields are available for every type of estimate: NA: NA

NA: NA: NA

Field: Field Description: NA

area: U.S. (99), state FIPS code, Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) code, or
OEWS-specific nonmetropolitan area code: NA

area_title: Area name: NA

area_type: Area type: 1= U.S.; 2= State; 3= U.S. Territory; 4= Metropolitan
Statistical Area (MSA); 6= Nonmetropolitan Area: NA

prim_state: The primary state for the given area. "US" is used for the national
estimates.: NA

naics: North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for the given
industry: NA

naics_title: North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) title for
the given industry: NA

i_group: Industry level. Indicates cross-industry or NAICS sector, 3-digit,
4-digit, 5-digit, or 6-digit industry. For industries that OEWS no longer
publishes at the 4-digit NAICS level, the “4-digit” designation indicates the
most detailed industry breakdown available: either a standard NAICS 3-digit
industry or an OEWS-specific combination of 4-digit industries. Industries that
OEWS has aggregated to the 3-digit NAICS level (for example, NAICS 327000) will
appear twice, once with the “3-digit” and once with the “4-digit” designation.:
NA

own_code: Ownership type: 1= Federal Government; 2= State Government; 3= Local
Government; 123= Federal, State, and Local Government; 235=Private, State, and
Local Government; 35 = Private and Local Government; 5= Private; 57=Private,
Local Government Gambling Establishments (Sector 71), and Local Government
Casino Hotels (Sector 72); 58= Private plus State and Local Government
Hospitals; 59= Private and Postal Service; 1235= Federal, State, and Local
Government and Private Sector: NA

occ_code: The 6-digit Standard Occupational Classification (SOC) code or
OEWS-specific code for the occupation: NA

occ_title: SOC title or OEWS-specific title for the occupation: NA

o_group: SOC occupation level. For most occupations, this field indicates the
standard SOC major, minor, broad, and detailed levels, in addition to
all-occupations totals. For occupations that OEWS no longer publishes at the
SOC detailed level, the “detailed” designation indicates the most detailed data
available: either a standard SOC broad occupation or an OEWS-specific
combination of detailed occupations. Occupations that OEWS has aggregated to
the SOC broad occupation level will appear in the file twice, once with the
“broad” and once with the “detailed” designation.: .

tot_emp: Estimated total employment rounded to the nearest 10 (excludes
self-employed).: NA

emp_prse: Percent relative standard error (PRSE) for the employment estimate.
PRSE is a measure of model error, expressed as a percentage of the
corresponding estimate. Model error arises when inferences about a population
are made from a survey of selected members of that population, instead of data
from all members of the population. Estimates with lower PRSEs are typically
more precise in the presence of model error.: NA

jobs_1000: The number of jobs (employment) in the given occupation per 1,000
jobs in the given area. Only available for the state and MSA estimates;
otherwise, this column is blank.: .

loc quotient: The location quotient represents the ratio of an occupation’s
share of employment in a given area to that occupation’s share of employment in
the U.S. as a whole. For example, an occupation that makes up 10 percent of
employment in a specific metropolitan area compared with 2 percent of U.S.
employment would have a location quotient of 5 for the area in question. Only
available for the state, metropolitan area, and nonmetropolitan area estimates;
otherwise, this column is blank.: NA

pct_total: Percent of industry employment in the given occupation. Percents may
not sum to 100 because the totals may include data for occupations that could
not be published separately. Only available for the national industry
estimates; otherwise, this column is blank.: .

pct_rpt: Percent of establishments reporting the given occupation for the cell.
Only available for the national industry estimates; otherwise, this column is
blank.: NA

h_mean: Mean hourly wage: NA

a_mean: Mean annual wage: NA

mean_prse: Percent relative standard error (PRSE) for the mean wage estimate.
PRSE is a measure of model error, expressed as a percentage of the
corresponding estimate. Model error arises when inferences about a population
are made from a survey of selected members of that population, instead of data
from all members of the population. Estimates with lower PRSEs are typically
more precise in the presence of model error.: NA

h_pct10: Hourly 10th percentile wage: NA

h_pct25: Hourly 25th percentile wage: NA

h_median: Hourly median wage (or the 50th percentile): NA

h_pct75: Hourly 75th percentile wage: NA

h_pct90: Hourly 90th percentile wage: NA

a_pct10: Annual 10th percentile wage: NA

a_pct25: Annual 25th percentile wage: NA

a_median: Annual median wage (or the 50th percentile): NA

a_pct75: Annual 75th percentile wage: NA

a_pct90: Annual 90th percentile wage: NA

annual: Contains "TRUE" if only annual wages are released. The OEWS program
releases only annual wages for some occupations that typically work fewer than
2,080 hours per year, but are paid on an annual basis, such as teachers,
pilots, and athletes.: .

hourly: Contains "TRUE" if only hourly wages are released. The OEWS program
releases only hourly wages for some occupations that typically work fewer than
2,080 hours per year and are paid on an hourly basis, such as actors, dancers,
and musicians and singers.: .

NA: NA: NA

Notes:: NA: NA

* = indicates that a wage estimate is not available: NA: NA

** = indicates that an employment estimate is not available: NA: NA

# = indicates a wage equal to or greater than $115.00 per hour or $239,200 per
year: NA: NA

~ =indicates that the percent of establishments reporting the occupation is
less than 0.5%: NA: NA

